strong of the commercial success of dirty mouth
dacia overbuyer who offers a sedan hatchback assembled in Cairo
in love she is much more attractive than the gameplay
salehi it goes before and its size proglio to say
to move the small company of another test it is equipped with
windows within 85 horses for the pr
too greedy but poorly soundproofed
its versatility allows without any problem on the road of holidays
the conduct remains rudimentary but the little rebel enjoys comfort
suspension of the acceptable
maneuvers can be complicated
too heavy a regulation another example when both diesel engines
available 23 5 dci 70 and 85 horsepower each with an ecological bonus
700 euros ap other good deals
a large version it was planned to 305 horses
after his appearance
aboard our prestige version the presentation was rather flattering
for speech cars
the dashboard of a two-tone upholstery which are the most beautiful effect
but unfortunately the plastics are hard which is badly adjusted
plateau-d'hymes breakers that is distinguished by habitability
generous to the rear seats parra rather spacious cocktail
we can see its load volume can increase thanks to its bench
foldable standard
from 7800 red light
guerini 60 euros in diesel